16:33:12  *      Pankrat (n=[ludwig@dslb-088-073-195-149.pools.arcor-ip.net](mailto:ludwig@dslb-088-073-195-149.pools.arcor-ip.net)) has joined #scons 
16:48:08  *      jrandall (n=[jim@bas1-london14-1167886910.dsl.bell.ca](mailto:jim@bas1-london14-1167886910.dsl.bell.ca)) has joined #scons 
16:50:29  *      garyo-home (n=[chatzill@209-6-158-38.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com](mailto:chatzill@209-6-158-38.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com)) has joined #scons 
16:55:36  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hi, guys.  Five more minutes to go... 
16:57:22  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Pankrat, can you give us a preview of what you wanted to say for 235? 
16:58:21  <Pankrat>      Hi, I have counterexample which does not work correctly with implicit cache activated 
16:58:58  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     And you can't add a comment?  What browser are you using? 
16:58:59  <Pankrat>      but I cannot post due to some error: "URL was not defined; This may indicate a bug in your browser." 
16:59:23  <Pankrat>      Firefox 2.0. I had posted an issue already, which worked 
16:59:27  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     And do you have cookies enabled? 
16:59:32  <Pankrat>      yes 
17:00:02  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Can you mail it to one of us privately so we can add it? 
17:00:23  <Pankrat>      yes, one moment, BTW: I'm Ludwig :) 
17:00:41  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Guten Abend! 
17:01:24  *      stevenknight (n=stevenkn@nat/google/x-a4dfaed744b2a8c7) has joined #scons 
17:01:31  <stevenknight> hi all 
17:01:36  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hey 
17:01:39  <Pankrat>      Guten Abend :) 
17:01:51  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Oder Morgen? 
17:02:03  *      bdbaddog (n=[bdeegan@adsl-66-127-238-122.dsl.sntc01.pacbell.net](mailto:bdeegan@adsl-66-127-238-122.dsl.sntc01.pacbell.net)) has joined #scons 
17:02:12  <stevenknight> hey bill 
17:02:22  <Pankrat>      both fits, mail has been sent 
17:02:31  <bdbaddog>     good evening! 
17:02:35  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Anybody know where Bill and 
17:02:46  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Oops, Bill's here, what about Ken? 
17:02:49  <garyo-home>   hi guys 
17:03:19  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     G'day! 
17:03:40  <garyo-home>   I may be a bit out of it tonight, sorry. 
17:03:44  <garyo-home>   But I'm here. 
17:03:45  <stevenknight> does the wiki page link the spreadsheet? 
17:03:57  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Yes, it should 
17:04:16  <stevenknight> oh, duh, there it is 
17:04:30  <garyo-home>   So the agenda is starting with Greg's first issue list (391 issues)? 
17:04:51  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Yes, just the first few 
17:04:56  <garyo-home>   good. 
17:05:26  <bdbaddog>     btw. I think we can chat via google docs and it would get attached to the spreadsheet. 
17:05:33  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1848 is first I believe 
17:06:02  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     No, it just seems to display; there's no record (that I could find) 
17:06:08  <garyo-home>   bdbaddog: that would be cool but let's try for that next time. 
17:06:15  <bdbaddog>     I thought we wer going through the 2002 and then 2003 bugs. which are in the spreadsheets first 
17:06:17  <garyo-home>   (if there are records anyway) 
17:06:33  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'm recording, I hope. 
17:06:40  <garyo-home>   me too I hope 
17:06:45  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1848? 
17:06:46  <bdbaddog>     me 3 
17:07:21  <stevenknight> yeah, p3 
17:07:29  <bdbaddog>     I though 139 was the first bug to discuss ? 
17:07:50  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     No, the first few are from the issues list; no spreadsheet. 
17:08:08  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Just the ones with priorities or votes. 
17:08:11  <stevenknight> link's on the wiki page 
17:08:16  <bdbaddog>     ahh o.k. there now. 
17:08:35  <stevenknight> damn, I wash my laptop had a bigger screen right now 
17:09:07  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     It seems to me that I've done what bug is about with no problems, but I looked for it and couldn't find it. 
17:09:42  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I wish my second screen on my desktop was working... 
17:10:09  <stevenknight> 1848:  sort of nagging thing that shakes confidence when people hit it 
17:10:10  <garyo-home>   doesn't it cause a problem on linux because of no exe suffix? 
17:10:12  <bdbaddog>     anyone had time to try and reproduce 1848? 
17:10:17  <stevenknight> yes re: no .exe suffix 
17:10:26  <garyo-home>   seems to me like a usual case of alias/filename conflict. 
17:10:26  <stevenknight> yes, someone should check reproducibility 
17:10:40  <stevenknight> if it's reproducible, what timeframe? 
17:10:48  <stevenknight> 1.x? 
17:10:59  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, or 2.x 
17:11:18  <garyo-home>   2.x unless the error is really gross. 
17:11:34  <bdbaddog>     2.x 
17:11:40  <stevenknight> i can go with 2.x 
17:11:40  <stevenknight> done 
17:11:41  <garyo-home>   how about 1966? 
17:12:34  <stevenknight> i hate wading into the configure code 
17:12:35  <bdbaddog>     looks like 2 issues, doc plus functional ? 
17:12:38  <stevenknight> yeah 
17:12:48  <bdbaddog>     maybe fix docs in 1.x, fix issue in 2.x ? 
17:13:06  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     good for me 
17:13:16  <stevenknight> +1 
17:13:19  <bdbaddog>     should we split bug into two bugs then? 
17:13:27  <stevenknight> +1 
17:13:35  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Bill, will you do it? 
17:13:46  <bdbaddog>     yes. 
17:13:52  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Next? 
17:14:17  <garyo-home>   1969, looks like 
17:14:25  <stevenknight> 1969:  ugly problem 
17:14:26  <garyo-home>   i18n 
17:14:35  <stevenknight> tip of the i18n iceberg 
17:14:40  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Needs features not in 1.5.2; should be 2.x 
17:14:50  <bdbaddog>     2.x 
17:14:52  <garyo-home>   (at least default tool setup *can* now be disabled, but that's not a good answer) 
17:14:54  <garyo-home>   2.x 
17:15:11  <stevenknight> sure, 2.x 
17:15:13  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     next? 
17:15:20  <stevenknight> re; 1969 though 
17:15:32  <stevenknight> no, wait, i'll update it myself 
17:15:41  <stevenknight> he obviously didn't know you can disable the tool selection 
17:16:05  <garyo-home>   personal business, brb sorry 
17:16:07  <garyo-home>   keep going 
17:16:30  <stevenknight> 1217 
17:16:36  <stevenknight> (how far are we going on this list, BTW?) 
17:16:41  <bdbaddog>     1217. anyone know the cache management stuff? 
17:16:58  <bdbaddog>     I think Greg said "aim for 2002 bugs, hope for 2003" to be handled. 
17:16:59  <stevenknight> that'd b e me 
17:17:16  <stevenknight> this needs a design for a mechanism, not a quick fix 
17:17:16  <bdbaddog>     this is not minor stuff is it? 
17:17:18  <stevenknight> 2.x 
17:17:21  <bdbaddog>     2.x 
17:17:24  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
17:17:51  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     235 is in our 2002 list; I propose we deal with it there. 
17:18:00  <bdbaddog>     ok 
17:18:04  <stevenknight> ok 
17:18:17  <bdbaddog>     1959 then? 
17:18:57  <stevenknight> i think 1.x, should be an easy fix, and it looks dumb if it doesn't work 
17:19:03  *      [GregNoel](GregNoel) stays silent, although 1959 was a very good year 
17:19:35  <bdbaddog>     1.x unless its messy. would be my vote. :) 
17:19:54  <stevenknight> 1.x then -- can always be pushed out if it gets bad 
17:20:12  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     on to 2002 then? 
17:20:17  <bdbaddog>     yup. 
17:21:03  <bdbaddog>     139 - research 
17:21:14  <stevenknight> research 
17:21:39  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I think we should close it until there's a need 
17:22:03  <stevenknight> hmm, now that you mention it, I'm okay with that 
17:22:15  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     wontfix? 
17:22:31  <bdbaddog>     if we close, will we loose a placeholder for the idea? 
17:22:49  <stevenknight> sure -- I'd love to do better than [ClearCase](ClearCase), but if there's no compelling user demand, that's just my ego at work 
17:23:08  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     {;-} 
17:23:34  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     consensus? 
17:23:41  <stevenknight> bill, close it? 
17:23:52  <bdbaddog>     I guess the issue is is the bugtracker a good place to placehold ideas or should we move to a wiki page? 
17:24:07  *      stevenknight has quit ("This computer has gone to sleep") 
17:24:15  <garyo-home>   if it's just an idea, make it future 
17:24:21  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     future p5 then, the "will get to never" stack 
17:24:32  <bdbaddog>     o.k. that's fine with me. 
17:24:48  <garyo-home>   ok, I'm sort of here now 
17:24:51  <garyo-home>   148? 
17:25:19  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     assign to Brandon for research 
17:25:31  <bdbaddog>     sounds good to me. 
17:25:36  <garyo-home>   ok 
17:25:46  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 
17:25:49  <garyo-home>   then on to 177 
17:26:16  <garyo-home>   already mostly works like he says 
17:26:30  <bdbaddog>     future.  I think was the concensus 
17:26:34  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yup 
17:26:38  <garyo-home>   ok by me. 
17:26:45  <garyo-home>   or close it. 
17:27:06  <garyo-home>   193 = gsoc? 
17:27:08  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     193, we have a viable proposal; 
17:27:20  <bdbaddog>     +1 
17:27:36  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     bypass until next time? 
17:27:54  <garyo-home>   or assume gsoc will get integrated in the 2.x timeframe and assign to that. 
17:27:56  <bdbaddog>     or after projects are accepted? 
17:28:06  *      stevenknight1 (n=[stevenkn@69.36.227.131](mailto:stevenkn@69.36.227.131)) has joined #scons 
17:28:07  <garyo-home>   anyway, make a note in the bug 
17:28:28  <stevenknight1>        i'm back, had to run get the shuttle 
17:28:35  <garyo-home>   194? I say wontfix 
17:28:37  <Pankrat>      assign bug to soc student? 
17:28:48  <bdbaddog>     194 wontfix. 
17:28:48  <stevenknight1>        what was the consensus about where to record long-term ideas?  issues or wiki? 
17:28:57  <garyo-home>   future, p5 
17:28:57  <bdbaddog>     issues as future 
17:29:11  <stevenknight1>        okay 
17:29:12  <stevenknight1>        194 wontfis 
17:29:15  <stevenknight1>        wontfix 
17:29:28  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Pankrat, yes; you'll get some too. 
17:29:47  <Pankrat>      :) 
17:29:52  <garyo-home>   great. 219?  can o' worms. 
17:30:12  <stevenknight1>        yeah 
17:30:30  <bdbaddog>     what's the benefit of being able to do this? 
17:30:55  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Virtual current working directory, names are more convenient. 
17:31:34  <garyo-home>   kind of like a mini-SConscript? 
17:31:51  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Um, close enough. 
17:31:52  <stevenknight1>        how about wontfix, and if someone really wants it they can contribute code 
17:31:58  <garyo-home>   +1 
17:32:01  <stevenknight1>        no one seems to be beating down the doors for it 
17:32:01  <bdbaddog>     +1 
17:32:05  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
17:32:15  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     next? 
17:32:26  <garyo-home>   232: reasearch, then if it's true, it's an easy fix 
17:32:37  <stevenknight1>        ???  I don't think it is 
17:32:46  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     assign to whom? 
17:32:52  <bdbaddog>     this is when a user has same header file name in more than one dir. 
17:32:54  <bdbaddog>     right? 
17:32:55  <stevenknight1>        it's replicating a quirky behavior in MSVC's preprocessor 
17:33:04  <garyo-home>   steven: I don't think it's true either, never heard of that behavior 
17:33:10  <garyo-home>   but can't prove it. 
17:33:21  <stevenknight1>        ah, if that's the case, then it *is* easy:  INVALID 
17:33:22  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     research? 
17:33:37  <stevenknight1>        or just close it, it's old and no one else has complained 
17:33:40  <bdbaddog>     invalid. 1 guy reported it 6 years ago. 
17:33:48  <bdbaddog>     and never complained again? 
17:33:49  <garyo-home>   i think so too. 
17:33:51  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok, invalid 
17:34:13  <garyo-home>   243? 
17:34:20  <Pankrat>      235 got lost? 
17:34:21  <stevenknight1>        not 235? 
17:34:35  <garyo-home>   ok, 235 
17:34:37  <stevenknight1>        235:  research 
17:34:44  <bdbaddog>     research. 
17:34:56  <Pankrat>      I have a counter example, but could not post it 
17:35:09  <Pankrat>      (I've sent it to Greg) 
17:35:10  <garyo-home>   pankrat: that's exactly what's needed. 
17:35:14  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     research and report 
17:35:14  <stevenknight1>        excellent 
17:35:47  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll add it to the bug; who should research?  I can take a look. 
17:35:48  <stevenknight1>        Pankrat:  you couldn't add it to the issue? 
17:36:05  <Pankrat>      yes tigris complained 
17:36:10  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Before you were here, he reported a problem, maybe with his browser. 
17:36:16  <stevenknight1>        do we need to change your project role? 
17:36:19  <stevenknight1>        ah 
17:36:39  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I thought anyone could comment? 
17:36:41  <stevenknight1>        okay, [GregNoel](GregNoel) update and research? 
17:36:47  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     works. 
17:36:54  <garyo-home>   good; now 243? 
17:37:10  <garyo-home>   Greg, you said Ignores would handle this? 
17:37:13  <stevenknight1>        243:  1.x if it's really doc 
17:37:31  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1.0 if it's really doc 
17:37:36  <bdbaddog>     +1 
17:37:40  <stevenknight1>        +1 
17:37:41  <bdbaddog>     someone research it? 
17:37:43  <garyo-home>   so that means research, then assign? 
17:37:52  <bdbaddog>     I'll research it. 
17:38:27  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     (Maciej uses it for his stuff; it's known to work; I'll get you a ref.) 
17:38:39  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     next? 
17:38:43  <stevenknight1>        oh, good 
17:38:50  <bdbaddog>     317 
17:38:53  <stevenknight1>        317:  wontfix 
17:39:10  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     +1 
17:39:11  <stevenknight1>        actully, we should then make -d one of the "ignored for compatibility" options that show up at the top of the help 
17:39:19  <stevenknight1>        i'll take it 
17:39:24  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
17:39:26  <garyo-home>   ok 
17:39:35  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1.0 then? 
17:39:50  <garyo-home>   same w/ 323 I hope? 
17:39:51  <stevenknight1>        yeah, it's not destabilizing 
17:40:10  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     next? 
17:40:11  <stevenknight1>        yes re: 323, i'll take that too 
17:40:35  <bdbaddog>     324 2.x 
17:40:39  <stevenknight1>        2.x 
17:40:45  <garyo-home>   ok 
17:40:47  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll take it 
17:41:11  <garyo-home>   325 is hard I think 
17:41:29  <stevenknight1>        might be, but i think it might be easy with overriding an individual Node's Decider() function 
17:41:44  <stevenknight1>        that's not supported by an API right now, but it's architecturally possible 
17:41:50  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Or just a flag to ignore all dependencies 
17:41:58  <garyo-home>   future? 
17:42:00  <stevenknight1>        future 
17:42:02  <bdbaddog>     future 
17:42:04  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
17:42:06  <garyo-home>   Is anyone really wanting it? 
17:42:09  <stevenknight1>        no one's asking for it 
17:42:10  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     what priority? 
17:42:19  <stevenknight1>        p4? 
17:42:19  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     p3 then 
17:42:21  <garyo-home>   p3, average 
17:42:25  <stevenknight1>        p3 
17:42:45  <garyo-home>   I'd like 326 (-p, env.Dump()) 
17:42:58  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok, 1.x? 
17:43:05  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     or 1.0? 
17:43:05  <garyo-home>   OK, give it to me. 
17:43:08  <garyo-home>   1.x 
17:43:10  <stevenknight1>        1.x 
17:43:13  <garyo-home>   it's a new feature, not 1.0. 
17:43:18  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
17:43:48  <stevenknight1>        327:  2.x, and i'll take it 
17:43:55  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
17:43:59  <stevenknight1>        unless someone else really wants in on environment stuff... 
17:44:06  <bdbaddog>     hey. I've gotta leave now. my comments are in the spreadsheets. 
17:44:16  <stevenknight1>        okay, thanks 
17:44:19  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     enjoy the sweat 
17:44:36  <bdbaddog>     if you have any questions about my comments which are worth waiting for shoot me an email.. otherwise enjoy the party.. 
17:44:39  <garyo-home>   329: what is -w? 
17:45:16  <stevenknight1>        make -w tells it to print the "Entering/Exiting directory" messages 
17:45:28  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     not needed 
17:45:32  <stevenknight1>        the only time we do that is if they specify -C on the command line 
17:45:43  <stevenknight1>        give it to me, i'll move it to "ignored for compatibility" with the others 
17:45:49  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
17:46:35  <stevenknight1>        322:  consensus seems good, 1.x and Jim Randall 
17:46:42  <jrandall>     aye 
17:46:42  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes 
17:46:50  <stevenknight1>        332 i meant 
17:46:54  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hi, Jim 
17:47:05  <jrandall>     hello! 
17:47:11  <stevenknight1>        hey jim 
17:47:17  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     that was quick; next? 
17:47:21  <stevenknight1>        336:  wontfix... 
17:47:33  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes 
17:47:43  <stevenknight1>        341:  wontfix... 
17:47:48  <stevenknight1>        (hey, we're on a roll here...) 
17:48:19  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     wontfix, aye 
17:48:28  <stevenknight1>        342:  fixed 
17:48:32  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     the spreadsheet helps... 
17:48:38  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes 
17:48:53  <stevenknight1>        yeah 
17:49:11  <stevenknight1>        343:  future, at a minimum 
17:49:15  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     343, RANLIB 
17:49:31  <stevenknight1>        i don't think it's really just RANLIB 
17:49:39  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Question: does SCons automatically apply RANLIB for those platforms that need it?  Or does the user have to code something? 
17:50:44  <stevenknight1>        hang on, let me check 
17:51:14  <stevenknight1>        we just set it up in the Tool/ar.py module 
17:51:38  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     It needs to be applied; that's 1.x 
17:51:42  <stevenknight1>        and only if we detect 'ranlib' installed independent from 'ar' 
17:51:57  <stevenknight1>        okay, so there are two parts to the issue here 
17:52:13  <stevenknight1>        make RANLIB independent from ar:  1.x 
17:52:21  <stevenknight1>        GCCTOOLCHAIN stuff:  future 
17:52:23  <stevenknight1>        ??? 
17:52:26  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     +1 
17:53:04  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Or just drop the GCC alternate toolchain stuff; no user need 
17:53:24  <stevenknight1>        okay, i can live with that 
17:53:46  <stevenknight1>        i can take RANLIB, I guess 
17:53:54  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll mark it up. 
17:54:01  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     next? 
17:54:26  <stevenknight1>        344:  1.x, mine 
17:54:33  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     What priority? 
17:54:55  <stevenknight1>        p2, i think 
17:54:59  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 
17:55:23  <stevenknight1>        347:  wontfix 
17:55:24  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     347, 349, close 
17:55:30  <stevenknight1>        yes, yes 
17:55:45  <stevenknight1>        353 close 
17:56:18  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes, no ego permitted {;-} 
17:56:26  <stevenknight1>        :-) 
17:56:31  <stevenknight1>        356:  wontfix 
17:56:40  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes 
17:56:44  <stevenknight1>        374:  wontfix 
17:56:58  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes 
17:57:10  <stevenknight1>        and that's all for 2002... 
17:57:23  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     next 2003 
17:57:29  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     397? 
17:57:37  <garyo-home>   wow, i step out of the room and you're on to 2003 already! 
17:57:47  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     got to be quick 
17:58:08  <stevenknight1>        i didn't pre-scan these... 
17:58:13  <garyo-home>   nor me, sorry 
17:58:24  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     homework... 
17:58:30  <stevenknight1>        greg, is the issue link you sent sorted in this order? 
17:58:47  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     uh, not quite, but close enough 
17:58:52  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     two issues are out of order 
17:58:58  <garyo-home>   397 looks like future to me 
17:59:08  <garyo-home>   or wontfix 
17:59:10  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I accidently sorted them by issue id 
17:59:22  <Pankrat>      397 wontfix: I prefer repos as they are 
17:59:31  <Pankrat>      justme 
17:59:56  <garyo-home>   402 then? 
18:00:12  <garyo-home>   we should do something about this one, it's bit me. 
18:00:15  <garyo-home>   :-) 
18:00:16  <stevenknight1>        397:  wontfix 
18:00:42  <stevenknight1>        402:  give it to me, I'm revamping the Windows toolchain support 
18:00:49  <stevenknight1>        2.x 
18:00:54  <stevenknight1>        p2 
18:00:55  <garyo-home>   agree 
18:00:55  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 
18:01:19  <garyo-home>   409: irix is dead, i say wontfix. 
18:01:26  <stevenknight1>        409:  wontfix 
18:01:29  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes 
18:01:31  <garyo-home>   Besides, parallel builds on IRIX have never really worked right. 
18:02:16  <stevenknight1>        416:  i say wontfix 
18:02:31  <garyo-home>   it's interesting though 
18:02:38  <garyo-home>   future? 
18:02:38  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Interesting, yes 
18:02:44  <stevenknight1>        strikes me as the sort of nice-sounding idea that probably has lots of unintended side effects due to statefulness 
18:03:02  <stevenknight1>        i can live with future 
18:03:15  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     There's an associated bug report with a model for doing it 
18:03:28  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     but it is intended for advanced users 
18:03:39  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     future is fine 
18:03:40  <garyo-home>   greg: where? 
18:03:44  <garyo-home>   ok, future 
18:03:46  <stevenknight1>        which bug report?  am i missing a link? 
18:04:07  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Isn't there one at the bottom of the bug? 
18:04:31  <garyo-home>   sorry, that.  Yes, that's what's interesting. 
18:05:12  <stevenknight1>        bottom of 416? 
18:05:16  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Oops, no link.  wait. 
18:06:45  <garyo-home>   anyway, it's going to end up future.  How about 433? 
18:06:50  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1933 
18:07:09  <garyo-home>   huh? 
18:07:20  <stevenknight1>        1933 is the associated bug report to 416 
18:07:24  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     oops 1939 
18:07:30  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes 
18:07:42  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     "fast unsafe" 
18:08:24  <stevenknight1>        wow, hadn't really looked at that one 
18:08:43  <stevenknight1>        lots of evil statefulness... 
18:09:00  <garyo-home>   I really don't like that one (not that I understand it fully) 
18:09:06  <stevenknight1>        wait, not really, i misunderstood 
18:09:13  <garyo-home>   but it looks dangerous at best 
18:09:26  <stevenknight1>        doesn't strike me as related to 416, though 
18:09:31  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     advanced users, for sure, lots of warnings, but it would be fast. 
18:09:41  <stevenknight1>        the way i read it, 416 is "remember where I died, start there nxt time" 
18:10:15  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     But what they really all ask for is quick reaction to local SConscript. 
18:10:31  <stevenknight1>        but 416 is transparent to the user, 1939 requires SConscript changes 
18:10:42  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     or a command-line option. 
18:10:46  <garyo-home>   1939 to me: future unless someone shows us some code 
18:10:52  <Pankrat>      well interactive solves this too 
18:10:53  <stevenknight1>        agree w/gary 
18:11:06  <garyo-home>   yes Pankrat 
18:11:17  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     somebody twisted my arm to put it in GSoC, so I did 
18:11:25  <stevenknight1>        i also think we can do what 1939 is asking now that the Big Signature Refactoring has changed the .sconsign format 
18:11:30  <stevenknight1>        that's one of its intended goals 
18:11:39  <stevenknight1>        ...and I guess that means I just signed up for 1939... :-) 
18:11:54  <garyo-home>   ok, but still future? 
18:11:59  <stevenknight1>        yeah, future 
18:12:03  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     p2? 
18:12:06  <garyo-home>   ok 
18:12:09  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 
18:12:12  <stevenknight1>        sure, p2 
18:12:18  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     same for 433? 
18:12:20  <garyo-home>   so how bout 433 I think is next 
18:12:39  <stevenknight1>        did we finish 416 before that digression?  future? 
18:12:52  <garyo-home>   433: I'm not an automake guy so those things look really specialized to me, I'd never use them. 
18:12:56  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     oops, same for 416 then? 
18:13:10  <stevenknight1>        416:  future 
18:13:12  <garyo-home>   I'm ok w/ 416 -> future 
18:13:16  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     p2? 
18:13:18  <stevenknight1>        433:  2.x, me 
18:13:24  <stevenknight1>        ? 
18:13:38  <garyo-home>   do people really want 433? 
18:13:39  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     433 p2? 
18:13:49  <stevenknight1>        not sure 
18:13:53  <garyo-home>   Can't it just be aliases etc.? 
18:14:06  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     no, it's more complex. 
18:14:07  <stevenknight1>        but i think i'll need to take a look at that as part of integrating Maciej's automake stuff 
18:14:26  <garyo-home>   ok, i see 
18:14:29  <stevenknight1>        it should all be part of finishing and documenting that so it works "naturally" for people migrating from autotools 
18:14:38  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     exactly 
18:14:38  <stevenknight1>        yes? 
18:14:51  <stevenknight1>        433:  2.x, me, p2 
18:14:54  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     dpme 
18:14:56  <garyo-home>   ok 
18:14:59  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     oops, done 
18:15:22  <garyo-home>   438: i like that one, just ignore the .sconsign. 
18:15:41  <stevenknight1>        yeah, that would be handy 
18:15:43  <garyo-home>   i say 2.x, p2 
18:15:55  <stevenknight1>        i think there's a make option that does something similar...? 
18:15:55  <garyo-home>   or maybe even 1.x 
18:16:04  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Ah, it's a dup with 331 
18:16:34  <stevenknight1>        okay 
18:17:03  <garyo-home>   not exactly a dup though. 
18:17:19  <garyo-home>   331 is "what if", 438 says actually redo everything. 
18:17:22  <stevenknight1>        oh, right:  331 is like -n, 438 really wants the build to happen 
18:17:24  <stevenknight1>        right 
18:17:42  <garyo-home>   331 is harder due to signatures and generated code. 
18:17:50  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     No, -W does not add -n 
18:18:14  <stevenknight1>        no, but it doesn't actually do the build, does it? 
18:18:19  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     If you say -W, the file is rebuilt; if you add -n it will tell you what else is rebuilt 
18:18:29  *      ita has quit (Remote closed the connection) 
18:18:33  <stevenknight1>        oh, wow, I didn't know that 
18:18:49  <stevenknight1>        hey, i didn't notice that ita was here...! 
18:18:56  <stevenknight1>        you guys know who that was IRL? 
18:18:58  <stevenknight1>        is? 
18:19:04  <garyo-home>   no, who? 
18:19:10  <stevenknight1>        our good friend Thomas Nagy 
18:19:14  <garyo-home>   ah. 
18:19:19  <stevenknight1>        cool 
18:19:40  <garyo-home>   ... so 331 should get a note explaining what Greg said 
18:19:47  <stevenknight1>        agreed 
18:20:26  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     So close this as a dup? 
18:20:51  <garyo-home>   i just put the note in 331 but I say link them, don't close either as dup 
18:21:09  <stevenknight1>        guess so, if it really does behave like make -W 
18:21:46  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll dig out the exact man page section from make and add it 
18:21:46  <garyo-home>   ok, if they're the same then fine 
18:21:51  <garyo-home>   good. 
18:22:04  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     447? 
18:22:08  <stevenknight1>        447:  i say wontfix 
18:22:13  <garyo-home>   wontfix 
18:22:15  <stevenknight1>        way too complicated and specialized 
18:22:24  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     wontfix 
18:22:35  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     and Bill says wontfix 
18:22:43  <stevenknight1>        448:  wontfix 
18:22:44  <Pankrat>      if you ignore the text and only read the summary than it makes a little sense 
18:22:48  <Pankrat>      (447) 
18:23:05  <Pankrat>      but I have no good idea to implement it :( 
18:23:38  <stevenknight1>        agreed, it's not obvious how to do it 
18:23:50  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Bill and I say wontfix, 448 
18:23:55  <stevenknight1>        448:  wontfix 
18:23:58  <garyo-home>   448: wontfix 
18:23:59  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 
18:24:26  <garyo-home>   449 can usually be done by massaging the action list. 
18:24:36  <stevenknight1>        of the Builder? 
18:24:44  <garyo-home>   yes 
18:24:50  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     API? 
18:24:53  <garyo-home>   That's how I do 'mt' on Windows now 
18:25:12  <stevenknight1>        i see 
18:25:16  <garyo-home>   I wouldn't mind [AppendAction/PrependAction](AppendAction/PrependAction) though 
18:25:28  <garyo-home>   (just thinking out loud) 
18:25:39  <stevenknight1>        actually, related but OT:  how about adding pre_action= and post_action= keyword arguments to Builder calls, too 
18:25:59  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Overkill? 
18:26:04  <garyo-home>   how's that better than a separate call? 
18:26:14  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     This isn't Perl 
18:26:17  <stevenknight1>        you may not want to modify the actual Builder itself 
18:26:37  <garyo-home>   If you're not modifying the builder, then pre_action === [AddPreAction](AddPreAction), right? 
18:26:41  <stevenknight1>        or the builder's action list 
18:26:51  <stevenknight1>        yes 
18:27:10  <stevenknight1>        but you wouldn't have to capture the return and call it separately 
18:27:21  <stevenknight1>        maybe that's just syntactic sugar and we don't need the extra complexity 
18:27:39  <garyo-home>   I think that's right 
18:27:49  <stevenknight1>        okay, move on 
18:28:20  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     460, src_dir 
18:28:20  <garyo-home>   so 449 is wontfix then? 
18:28:38  <stevenknight1>        whoops, we're coming to my stop in a minute or two 
18:29:07  <stevenknight1>        i'm going to send something to the mailing list about branching 
18:29:32  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     run for home; will you be back? 
18:29:36  <stevenknight1>        i need a place for some stuff I have to work on for 2.x 
18:29:42  <stevenknight1>        it's about a 15 min. walk 
18:30:06  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Without Bill and you, we should probably break here, then 
18:30:14  <stevenknight1>        okay, gotta go 
18:30:20  <stevenknight1>        catch you on the mailing list 
18:30:22  *      stevenknight1 has quit ("Leaving") 
18:30:31  <garyo-home>   so who' 
18:30:34  <garyo-home>   s left? 
18:30:49  <Pankrat>      I am. But I go to sleep now ... 
18:30:56  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     you and me, Ken never showed 
18:31:00  <garyo-home>   ok, let's just do 460 and break then. 
18:31:05  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ok 
18:31:15  <garyo-home>   I think 460 just wants a better error message really. 
18:31:16  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'm of the opinion that src_dir should be removed until we know what it's supposed to do. 
18:31:31  <garyo-home>   :-/ 
18:32:03  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Every time I've tried it, it hasn't worked, or it's done something I didn't expect. 
18:32:21  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I don't think even a better error message can save it 
18:32:25  <garyo-home>   how about we make it 1.x but only add the error message to detect this case, then file a new bug for "remove src_dir unless someone can explain it" 
18:32:40  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll buy that 
18:32:41  <garyo-home>   (this case being: src_dir without build_dir) 
18:32:52  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes. 
18:33:07  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, I'll put that in the bug 
18:33:31  <garyo-home>   ok then, we'll pick up where we left off next time.  Thanks!  Greg, are you going to do all the data entry? 
18:33:32  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Since you were host, you're done; I'll take care of fixing all the bugs. 
18:33:54  <garyo-home>   sorry I didn't really host much.  I'm only about 50% present right now. 
18:34:00  <garyo-home>   exhausted. 
18:34:07  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     And I've got the IRC log; I can post that, too. 
18:34:13  <garyo-home>   ok, thx! 
18:34:19  <garyo-home>   bye then 
18:34:24  <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     cul 
18:34:36  *      You have been marked as being away 
18:34:43  *      jrandall (n=[jim@bas1-london14-1167886910.dsl.bell.ca](mailto:jim@bas1-london14-1167886910.dsl.bell.ca)) has left #scons 
18:35:37  *      Pankrat (n=[ludwig@dslb-088-073-195-149.pools.arcor-ip.net](mailto:ludwig@dslb-088-073-195-149.pools.arcor-ip.net)) has left #scons 
18:35:40  *      garyo-home (n=[chatzill@209-6-158-38.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com](mailto:chatzill@209-6-158-38.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com)) has left #scons 

