17:03:08 <jason_at_intel>       so greg that sample for the tar file builder
17:03:46 <jason_at_intel>       are you suggesting that this should be special cased per builder?
17:04:05 <jason_at_intel>       given that you have a special node wrapper in it
17:04:31 <jason_at_intel>       that has special knowledge of the SCon internals
17:05:35 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I need to write up my notes on that; it requires some modifications to the Node class to create a special proxy, as well as some minor tweaks to the Taskmaster to deal with the proxy correctly.
17:06:03 <jason_at_intel>       ahh ok... so we should fix up some stuff in SCons first then
17:05:56 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     are we all here and ready to go?
17:05:59 <Garyo>        Shall we start in?  Are we waiting for anyone else?
17:06:03 <Garyo>        :-)
17:06:28 <sgk>  i'd say let's go...
17:06:32 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2674 consensus invalid
17:06:32 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2677 consensus research p1 Steven
17:06:32 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2678 consensus invalid
17:06:32 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2679 consensus 3.x p3 (no owner required)
17:06:32 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2680 needs priority, but otherwise consensus
17:07:02 <jason_at_intel>       wow that was fast :-)
17:07:35 <sgk>  2680:  p3?  just by default?
17:07:52 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     p3 or p4, I think.  I don't really care which.
17:08:26 <Garyo>        p3 seems fine to me (revisit in 3 weeks)
17:08:39 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     six weeks
17:08:47 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     (three meetings)
17:08:55 <Garyo>        sorry, right you are
17:08:46 <sgk>  p3, get feedback to the OP a little sooner than p4
17:08:57 <bdbaddog>     6wks +1
17:08:59 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     p3 going once
17:09:05 <jason_at_intel>       +1
17:09:11 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done
17:09:14 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2681 We really should have installable packages for all three major platforms
17:09:37 <sgk>  yeah
17:10:03 <Garyo>        If it comes to it, some platforms can be delayed slightly -- the new all-in-one Windows installer will only be buildable on Windows for instance (at least at first)
17:10:10 <Garyo>        (not in 2.1)
17:10:14 <jason_at_intel>       I would agree.. but i don't think package has long term viability outside open source only usage
17:10:32 <Garyo>        Jason: don't understand?
17:10:59 <jason_at_intel>       Package() does not have what is needed to make a real enterprise installer
17:11:17 <Garyo>        Ah, I see.  You mean to package SCons itself.
17:11:43 <jason_at_intel>       ya..
17:11:52 <jason_at_intel>       well if we are to eat our own dog food that is
17:11:41 <Garyo>        I thought this guy was proposing a separate script.
17:12:35 <sgk>  we're a little ways from being able to dogfood something like this, agreed
17:12:37 <Garyo>        I think Package() has all the low-level bits, but of course will need work on high-level stuff. But that's irrelevant here.
17:12:42 <sgk>  but it's probably a step towards making things better
17:13:08 <jason_at_intel>       but it would be nice to have a native option to install SCons other than "setup.py install"
17:13:42 <Garyo>        Of course.  We already have that for Windows, and will have a better option soon.  And this guy's script gives us the "right thing" for Mac.  All that's left is rpm/apt.
17:14:04 <jason_at_intel>       it is a good start
17:14:24 <sgk>  so ...  2.2?
17:14:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     sure; what priority?
17:14:40 <Garyo>        All I'm saying is, rather than trying to do all the release builds on Mac, I'd be OK with doing the releases as we do now, but then notifying someone (like Richard) that it's time to do a Mac pkg.
17:14:42 <bdbaddog>     is new win installer 2.2 also?
17:15:03 <Garyo>        Hi Bill -- I think he's been keeping it up with trunk, so 2.2 seems good to me.
17:15:10 <sgk>  p3?  or p2 because it's an actual patch and it's rude to make the OP wait?
17:15:58 <Garyo>        I guess we could integrate his scripts into the bin/ dir, and ask him to start using them whenever he's ready.  Even for 2.1.
17:16:49 <Garyo>        (Then he or someone would upload his packages to SF of course)
17:17:12 <bdbaddog>     I have mac will travel.. so can build mac pkgs'
17:17:18 <Garyo>        Ditto.
17:17:14 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Should we add some issues to have us start using Package() to create our own packages?
17:17:42 <sgk>  [GregNoel](GregNoel):  good idea
17:17:42 <Garyo>        Greg: that would help whip it into shape for sure!  3.x p3?
17:18:19 <Garyo>        Anyway, I say for this issue let's go with 2.1 p2 just to check in his scripts.
17:18:30 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     worksforme
17:18:41 <Garyo>        But not commit to producing a pkg for 2.1 unless it is as easy as we hope
17:18:51 <sgk>  +1
17:18:56 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     agree
17:19:07 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Assign to Steven?
17:19:38 <sgk>  sure
17:19:42 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done
17:19:45 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2682 consensus 2.1 p2 Dirk (unless there's a violent objection)
17:19:45 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2683 consensus 2.x p3 Bill
17:19:45 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2684
17:20:22 <Garyo>        2683: Bill, I suggest using a VM to set up mingw.  You can't do it on a machine with cygwin.  Just FYI.
17:21:17 <bdbaddog>     garyo: Thanks!
17:20:40 <sgk>  2684:  research p3 sk  ?
17:20:57 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Sounds fair.
17:20:58 <Garyo>        agreed.
17:21:06 <jason_at_intel>       +1
17:21:17 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done
17:21:20 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2686 consensus discuss in dev@scons; who shall lead discussion?
17:21:52 <Garyo>        I can start it.
17:22:18 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Garyo, +1, thanks
17:22:36 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2687
17:23:26 <Garyo>        Jason, can you track it down a little further?
17:23:33 <Garyo>        See where it's going wrong?
17:23:48 <jason_at_intel>       Sure... It will be a little bit as i have a lot on my plate
17:24:05 <Garyo>        It's your itch to scratch :-) :-)
17:24:04 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'm pretty sure the prefix matching is a part of optparse, and it requires the shortest prefix first.
17:24:30 <jason_at_intel>       I thought you where going to redo this stuff
17:24:46 <jason_at_intel>       ie from some dev board postings
17:25:15 <Garyo>        I want to, but it's a big job and not top of my list.  Anyway, if it's a low-level parser issue that won't help.
17:25:21 <jason_at_intel>       but ya... I can scratch it.. did not want to step on your toes
17:25:26 <Garyo>        np
17:25:43 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     milestone and priority?
17:25:50 <jason_at_intel>       so i guess assign to me then p4
17:25:53 <Garyo>        I put that behind toolchain and lots of other things (for me at least)
17:26:14 <Garyo>        agree jason p4.  Research?
17:26:20 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes
17:26:31 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done?
17:26:34 <sgk>  done
17:26:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2688 Lots of comments, no suggestions....
17:27:21 <Garyo>        Hmm.  How about 2.x p3?
17:27:45 <Garyo>        (I think we need to keep the .bat too, for older Windows that couldn't run .py directly)
17:28:15 <bdbaddog>     garyo: which win would that be?
17:28:35 <Garyo>        I think XP couldn't.
17:28:43 <Garyo>        And I think 2000 also.
17:28:43 <sgk>  I
17:29:15 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     sgk, II, too; anybody for III? {;-}
17:29:42 <bdbaddog>     99% sure xp can.. 2k though perhaps not.
17:29:23 <sgk>  re: the arguments, I've also turned up reference to a registry setting that controls what arguments get passed to an invoked .py
17:29:48 <sgk>  but I don't know if it's across all Windows versions or not, so keeping the .bat file is safest
17:29:55 *      jason_at_intel has quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)
17:30:09 *      jason_at_intel (~[chatzilla@84.sub-75-205-70.myvzw.com](mailto:chatzilla@84.sub-75-205-70.myvzw.com)) has joined #SCONS
17:30:25 <jason_at_intel>       ok back
17:30:59 <jason_at_intel>       which one are we on?
17:31:09 <Garyo>        still 2688
17:31:20 <jason_at_intel>       thanks
17:30:13 <Garyo>        I might be mistaken but I remember trying & failing a while ago, doing a lot of reading up on Windows Scripting Host. :-(
17:30:30 <Garyo>        Anyway, setting %PATH% is a good idea no matter what.
17:30:59 <sgk>  agreed
17:31:45 <Garyo>        Steven, I'm afraid you know the setup.py logic best; you'll have to start this one.  I can clean up and test though.
17:32:16 <sgk>  fair enough
17:31:47 <jason_at_intel>       adding <pythoninstall>\script
17:32:46 <jason_at_intel>       so all 2.4 versions seemed good with .py on windows
17:33:09 <sgk>  jason_at_intel:  with all arguments being passed to the script?
17:33:18 <jason_at_intel>       yes
17:33:21 <Garyo>        ... and what Windows version?
17:33:39 <jason_at_intel>       NT line
17:33:45 <Garyo>        wow, ok
17:33:28 <jason_at_intel>       we have people here that tweak this
17:33:50 <sgk>  so they set up the registry to pass the arguments, then
17:33:57 <sgk>  that's not the default behavior
17:34:04 <jason_at_intel>       registry?
17:34:21 <jason_at_intel>       no they rename scons to scons.py
17:34:34 <jason_at_intel>       so the PATHEXT will call it with out python
17:35:09 <sgk>  @jason_at_intel:  [http://www.lalitkapoor.com/blog/2008/12/21/python-wont-take-command-line-arguments-windows-vista/](http://www.lalitkapoor.com/blog/2008/12/21/python-wont-take-command-line-arguments-windows-vista/)
17:36:10 <jason_at_intel>       never seen this myself.. we use python scripts all the time as programs at work
17:34:24 <Garyo>        Jason, maybe you & Steven can take that issue offline and show him what's needed?
17:35:14 <jason_at_intel>       fair enought .. as long as Steve answers the e-mails
17:35:19 <sgk>  :-)
17:36:09 <sgk>  so we'll take it off line
17:36:23 <jason_at_intel>       ok... will you start the e-mail?
17:36:27 <sgk>  vanilla windows installs, or configured by your admins?
17:36:39 <sgk>  (wait, I just said we'd take this off line...)
17:36:42 <sgk>  onward
17:36:13 <sgk>  i should own the issue?
17:36:59 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Er, it needs a milestone and priority, if not an owner...
17:37:16 <sgk>  well, we have the other install-related issues 2.2, so how about
17:37:18 <sgk>  2.2 p3 sk?
17:37:44 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     worksforme
17:37:40 <Garyo>        Install cleanup: theme for 2.2. :-)
17:37:50 <Garyo>        I'll notify Lukas.
17:37:59 <sgk>  cool
17:38:03 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done?
17:38:18 <Garyo>        done
17:38:22 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>    
1170 bypass, no substantive comments
17:38:22 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>    
1176 bypass, no substantive comments
17:38:22 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>    
1182 bypass, no substantive comments
17:38:22 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>    
1406 Should we contact Russel to see if someone in the third-part crew can take it?
17:38:49 <sgk>  [GregNoel](GregNoel):  good idea
17:38:54 <Garyo>       
1406: that would be my recommendation too
17:39:23 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done
17:39:26 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>    
1418 bypass, no substantive comments
17:39:26 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>    
1708
17:39:46 <jason_at_intel>       Looks like Steve needs some time
17:39:47 <sgk>  research p2 sk
17:40:03 <sgk>  time is definitely the precious commodity...
17:40:14 <Garyo>        :-/
17:40:24 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     You don't know the half of it.
17:40:21 <jason_at_intel>       ahem
17:40:53 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, I'll adjust the priority
17:40:46 <Garyo>        Well, we're all here & that's impressive.
17:41:01 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Garyo, concur
17:41:09 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done?
17:41:18 <Garyo>        yes
17:41:21 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2249 bypass, no substantive comments
17:41:21 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2521 bypass, no substantive comments
17:41:21 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2575
17:41:38 <jason_at_intel>       I think this needs to be taken offline
17:41:40 <Garyo>        But wait, 2249 & 2521, any news from Bill?
17:41:53 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Ooohhh, 2575, that comment has changed since I looked at it earlier...
17:42:20 <jason_at_intel>       it seems tied with node objects and task processing
17:42:25 <Garyo>        (maybe Bill's gone)
17:42:30 <Garyo>        ok, 2575
17:42:49 <bdbaddog>     no updates from me been pretty swamped lately.
17:42:59 <Garyo>        This is what you guys were talking about at the beginning, i think.
17:43:20 <jason_at_intel>       ya... I just read his sample in the tracker
17:43:25 <jason_at_intel>       hmm
17:43:36 <jason_at_intel>       not tracker.. but bug report
17:44:04 <Garyo>        ok, sounds like you guys are working on it.  Just keep us up to date?
17:44:22 <jason_at_intel>       I think Steve need to be in this talk
17:44:36 <jason_at_intel>       as it seems to be related to stuff that been talked about needing some upgrades
17:45:34 <jason_at_intel>       ie Node objects and TNG
17:44:30 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes, I concur, and Gary, too
17:45:28 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll try to write up my notes, but my time is seriously compressed these days.  I may have a bit of time to work on it in a week or two; I'll try very hard to do it then.
17:45:51 <sgk>  which issue(s)?
17:46:10 <jason_at_intel>       Keep this as research lower priority?
17:46:28 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yeah, p3 or p4
17:46:32 <sgk>  2575?
17:46:34 <Garyo>        2575
17:48:02 <jason_at_intel>       so the idea Greg proposed and has a sample of if to allow a tuples to be used
17:48:37 <jason_at_intel>       this would be useful for copy builder, or any builder that the user might want to control tree structure a little
17:50:26 <sgk>  I don't have a conceptual problem with that; devil's in the details, of course
17:50:54 <jason_at_intel>       what is missing in the sample is the ability for the targets returned from the builder to have this tuples in it, in case structure needs to be passed form builder to builder
17:51:31 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hmmm...  I don't see that...
17:51:32 <sgk>  hmm, for passing from builder to builder arbitrary tuples start to feel messy
17:51:41 <jason_at_intel>       yep the details...
17:51:38 <sgk>  what about attributes on an object
17:51:50 <sgk>  (not that there isn't already enough in a Node as it is)
17:52:03 <jason_at_intel>       Well i was playing with the idea of tagging the nodes
17:52:11 <jason_at_intel>       but i have to prototype it yet myself
17:52:13 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     sgk, problem is if same node is passed with multiple names (or to multiple destinations).
17:52:04 <sgk>  so that's what you guys were talking about earlier re: proxies?
17:53:29 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     sgk, yes, tuple needs to be turned into a proxy, which looks like a Node for everything except scheduling.
17:53:48 <sgk>  that sounds workable
17:54:47 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     (Garyo, that's why arg2nodes() works; proxy acts on underlying node.)
17:54:04 <bdbaddog>     K. I'm gonna run unless there's other release items. are we looking at 2.1 checkpoint anytime soon?
17:54:44 <Garyo>        I was just going to ask. I want to get full Intel
11 support in, then it's just a bunch of piddly stuff from me.
17:55:03 <jason_at_intel>       what about
12 :-)
17:55:32 <Garyo>        Jason: get me a copy or at least an ls-lR of Linux and a reg dump on Windows.
17:55:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     wait, did we decide on p3 v. p4?
17:55:44 <sgk>  cutting edge!
17:55:57 <jason_at_intel>       the
12 XE is rc1 at the moment
17:56:14 <jason_at_intel>       but i will be adding it to Parts soon myself
17:56:38 <jason_at_intel>       windows should be working today ( ie composer 2011)
17:56:35 <Garyo>        I'll follow up w/ you and see if we can do something.
17:56:45 <jason_at_intel>       sure
17:57:04 <Garyo>       
11 doesn't work on Windows today
17:57:21 <jason_at_intel>       in SCon native... in with Parts it does
17:57:12 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     wait, did we decide on p3 v. p4?
17:57:27 <Garyo>        for 2575?  I like p3, but it's up to you folks
17:57:43 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hearing no other objections, p3 it is.
17:58:05 <jason_at_intel>       ok
17:58:22 <sgk>  p3
17:59:14 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     That's all the issues for this meeting; good work.  I've got to go; I'll leave my session running to catch the rest of the comments.
17:59:06 <Garyo>        Anyway, as far as I personally am concerned, as soon as I can get intelc
11 support in (and Linux is done now), I'm ready for a checkpoint.
17:59:25 <sgk>  i'll take a look at what's on my plate and whittle it to the most important
17:59:47 <sgk>  offhand, i don't think anything I have is worth holding up a checkpoint for, though
18:00:02 <sgk>  so intelc
11 is a good milestone from my standpoint
18:00:17 <sgk>  (or gating item, actually)
18:00:25 <Garyo>        OK, I'll try very hard to get it in soon (this week maybe)
18:01:17 <jason_at_intel>       so I will wait for you e-mail Steve
18:01:42 <jason_at_intel>       I also have a question about actions and task... I will e-mail offline tomorrow
18:02:05 <jason_at_intel>       hopefully you can take a moment to answer :-)
18:02:29 <sgk>  okay, i'll try to get at it later tonight (working late)
18:01:46 <Garyo>        ok guys, thanks a lot -- talk again soon.
18:02:32 <bdbaddog>     gnight all then. :)
18:02:36 <sgk>  'night
18:02:40 <jason_at_intel>       night! 


