
17:16:22 *      [GregNoel](GregNoel) is no longer marked as being away 17:25:49 *      stevenknight (n=[stevenkn@67.218.109.115](mailto:stevenkn@67.218.109.115)) has joined #scons 17:26:06 <stevenknight> hey nait 17:27:16 <stevenknight> hey [GregNoel](GregNoel) 17:29:29 <nait> Unfortunately, I needed to get a ride home today, so I'm going to miss the bug party.  I'll try to be around at 8:30 for discussions about fixers and 2.0 17:30:08 <stevenknight> okay 17:30:19 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'm here... 17:30:23 <stevenknight> i may not be able to connect then 17:30:31 <stevenknight> looks like a lot going on this evening... 17:31:20 <stevenknight> hi greg 17:31:24 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Fair warning: I seem to have caught the bug that the kids have been passing around, so I'm a bit under the weather and liable to be slow tonight. 17:31:32 <stevenknight> okay 17:31:37 <stevenknight> shall we get started then? 17:31:41 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hi, Steven... and Nate? 17:31:54 <stevenknight> nait's here for now but has to leave 17:32:09 <stevenknight> no sign of Brandon or Bill 17:32:13 <stevenknight> and Gary's still on vacation 17:32:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     So a bit on the thin side. 17:32:44 <stevenknight> yeah 17:32:58 <stevenknight> but we can still do what we can 17:33:04 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yup 17:33:06 <stevenknight> and defer as necessary 17:33:17 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yup 17:33:05 <nait> Yeah, sorry.  I don't have a car today, so I'm at the whim of my co-worker. 17:33:20 <stevenknight> nait: understood, been there myself 17:33:38 <stevenknight> so where did we leave off? 17:33:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I think 2288 is next; we hadn't finished with it. 17:33:49 <stevenknight> right 17:34:10 <stevenknight> oh, I thought we agreed right before the end to defer 2288 to next week 17:34:12 <stevenknight> and close 2289 17:34:35 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I thought we said "next time" but I'm willing to bypass it. 17:34:47 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll ask for more info 17:34:50 <stevenknight> right, meant "next time" 17:34:57 <stevenknight> okay, done 17:35:22 <stevenknight> 2303:  research, me? 17:35:24 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2303, I seem to be collecting the symlink issues 17:35:39 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     but you're welcome to research it {;-} 17:35:41 <stevenknight> er, I meant, research, gregnoel? 17:35:44 <stevenknight> :-) 17:35:57 <stevenknight> sorry, it's this frog in my throat... :-) 17:36:11 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     It can't be worse than mine. 17:36:34 <stevenknight> if you have other symlink issues then it probably does make more sense with you 17:36:55 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     This isn't the same as the other issues, which are related to making a symlink a first-class node type 17:37:15 <stevenknight> seems like it'd be in the same ballpark, though 17:37:32 <stevenknight> if the FS.* hierarchy is going to understand symlinks anyway 17:37:45 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, I'll research it, but I suspect I'll be tossing it back. 17:37:45 <stevenknight> i'm okay with it being your call, though 17:37:51 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:37:52 <stevenknight> that's fine 17:37:53 <stevenknight> done 17:37:59 <stevenknight> 2304:  research, me? 17:38:33 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, but you've got to start catching up on those (as do I with mine) 17:38:43 <stevenknight> yep, i agree 17:39:04 <stevenknight> i'm going to try to make it a priority after landing vs_revamp on the trunk 17:39:20 <stevenknight> i have to remember that the idea isn't necessarily to solve them all 17:39:28 <stevenknight> but at least characterize them enough to slot them elsewhere... 17:39:41 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2306, sigh, I'll come up with a proposal 17:39:41 <stevenknight> anyway 17:39:45 <stevenknight> 2304:  research, sgk 17:39:46 <stevenknight> done 17:39:46 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes, exactly 17:39:51 <stevenknight> 2306:  research, gregnoel 17:39:58 <stevenknight> done 17:39:58 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:40:18 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2309, as you request 17:40:27 <stevenknight> 2309:  1.3, p2, sk, +vs_revamp 17:40:28 <stevenknight> done 17:40:51 <stevenknight> 2311 17:41:07 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     the only one with a consensus... 17:41:12 <stevenknight> to do this one right has larger implications about making the Builder (or action) configurable 17:41:47 <stevenknight> 2.x p2 feels right 17:42:01 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'd think it would always be rebuilt if a source changes; when would it not? 17:42:03 <stevenknight> are we still okay leaving 2.x issues as TBD / future draft pick? 17:42:31 <stevenknight> trivial case:  your target is built by just concatenating the sources 17:42:33 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     not 2.x p2; too soon in the future 17:42:40 <stevenknight> you don't care about the name change then 17:42:57 <stevenknight> but you could argue that we should go ahead and rebuild anyway 17:43:19 <stevenknight> on the theory that it's generally safer, and we don't need the extra complexity for the corner case 17:43:07 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Yes, you do; the source could have different contents; that's the bug here. 17:43:27 <stevenknight> no, the source has the same contents 17:43:37 <stevenknight> if the contents are different, then the MD5 checksum difference triggers a rebuild 17:43:42 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Not what the bug said, as I recall. 17:44:25 <stevenknight> checking now;... 17:44:27 <stevenknight> but I doubt it 17:45:19 <stevenknight> ouch, you're right 17:45:20 <stevenknight> as usual 17:45:26 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     {;-} 17:45:51 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     The bug is probably that it's checking the _old_ source, rather than the new one. 17:47:40 <stevenknight> ah, yes 17:47:48 <stevenknight> very likely 17:47:53 <stevenknight> okay, give it to me 17:47:57 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:49:01 <stevenknight> 2312:  2.x p3 managan 17:48:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2312, I agree. 17:49:02 <stevenknight> done 17:49:03 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2311, I wish I had some of those drugs right now 17:49:41 <stevenknight> 2313:  defer to next time and hope someone else comes up with a better idea for tackling packaging issues? 17:50:02 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2312, I'm inclined to close it as invalid: we only support one package per run right now 17:50:08 <stevenknight> ah 17:50:28 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     or wontfix 17:50:25 <stevenknight> how about just turn it into a feature request, then? 17:50:45 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     feature request, hmmm, yeah, makes sense 17:50:57 <stevenknight> a packaging system that can't let you build more than one at a time seems pretty limited 17:51:22 <stevenknight> so...  feature request, 3.x p3? 17:51:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yeah, sounds right. 17:51:39 <stevenknight> and an invitation to scratch the itch sooner if he wants to contribute a patch 17:51:47 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     good point 17:52:24 <stevenknight> done 17:52:35 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2338, 2.1 p4 is fine 17:52:45 <stevenknight> done 17:52:46 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2339, ditto 17:52:50 <stevenknight> done 17:52:52 <stevenknight> gregnoel on both? 17:53:16 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hmmm... 17:53:24 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Nate, you still here? 17:54:07 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Nate has been working with me on the fixers; this might be in his ballpark 17:54:13 <stevenknight> that sounds good 17:54:51 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Not to mention I suspect I'll be zoned out when 2.0 is out after supervising all those fixers. 17:54:25 <stevenknight> how about putting his name on and you guys can negotiate if that's not okay with him 17:54:56 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Yeah, I'll do that. 17:55:07 <stevenknight> right re: zoned out 17:55:34 <stevenknight> okay, 2338+2339:  2.1 p4 Nate 17:55:35 <stevenknight> done 17:55:41 <stevenknight> 2346:  consensus invalid 17:55:53 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2346, done 17:56:15 <stevenknight> 2347:  ... 17:56:17 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2347, sk to follow up? 17:56:23 <stevenknight> 2.x p3 sk 17:56:30 <stevenknight> no 17:56:31 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:56:32 <stevenknight> research p3 sk 17:56:37 <stevenknight> so i'll follow up sooner 17:56:52 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     better; I agree 17:56:56 <stevenknight> done 17:57:08 <stevenknight> 2349:  anytime p4 gregnoel? 17:57:16 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2349, I guess that's what I get... 17:57:22 <stevenknight> :-) 17:57:34 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, but make it p2 17:57:42 <stevenknight> okay 17:57:48 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     get it out of the way 17:57:52 <stevenknight> good point 17:57:53 <stevenknight> done 17:57:57 <stevenknight> on to 2004h2? 17:58:22 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Wow, you updated the spreadsheet that quickly; I can't even navigate today... 17:58:54 <stevenknight> small advantage of the laptop, the touchpad keeps the fingers closer to home row... 17:59:12 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     No quorum for schedule items, so yeah, let's look at a few from 2004 17:59:37 <stevenknight> 851:  too old to mess with, invalid (or worksforme) 18:00:03 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     worksforme worksforme 18:00:07 <stevenknight> :-) 18:00:11 <stevenknight> done 18:00:14 <stevenknight> 860:  already closed 18:00:16 <stevenknight> 863: 18:00:34 <stevenknight> agree w/your suggestion of dup'ing these 18:00:45 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, I'll do it 18:00:52 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     not tonight, though.. 18:01:01 <stevenknight> the survivor should be p2 so it stays near top of list, i think 18:01:05 <stevenknight> agreed re: not tonight 18:01:24 <stevenknight> 914:  research 18:01:27 <stevenknight> maybe me 18:01:37 <stevenknight> fresh eyes would help 18:01:49 <stevenknight> but I don't know if anyone else has an itch to scratch re: collecting test results 18:02:00 <stevenknight> it's been somewhat superceded by going with Buildbot 18:02:14 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     somewhat 18:03:04 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Buildbot is nice, but I find it limiting; I've wanted to fiddle with it, but I don't have the most-recent stuff 18:02:39 <stevenknight> yeah, research sk is the right call here 18:03:29 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     914, research is good; close it if it's no help any more 18:03:32 <stevenknight> we should chat about Buildbot plans some other time (when you're more up to it) 18:03:39 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     concur 18:03:42 <stevenknight> we're probably going to be doing some buildbot work for the day job 18:03:59 <stevenknight> would be nice to do things that benefit us too 18:04:11 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     true 18:04:01 <stevenknight> anyway 18:04:13 <stevenknight> 923:  1.3 p3 sk +vs_revamp 18:04:52 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     923, done 18:04:37 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     and don't forget the new Python support systems; they could run buildbots 18:04:59 <stevenknight> snakebite or whatever it's called? 18:05:08 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yeah, that's it. 18:05:24 <stevenknight> yeah, definitely worth keeping in mind 18:05:38 <stevenknight> especially if it helps with Windows and non-POSIXy platforms 18:05:44 <stevenknight> 924:  already closed 18:05:57 <stevenknight> 939:  already closed 18:06:06 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     947, needs to be someone with a DOS box 18:06:12 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Maybe Gary? 18:06:34 <stevenknight> is it high enough priority? 18:06:40 <stevenknight> since his time is limited.. 18:06:54 <stevenknight> sure 18:06:58 <stevenknight> let's assign to gary 18:07:12 <stevenknight> and invite negotiation if he wants to throw it back 18:07:24 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     good; milestone and priority? 18:07:31 <stevenknight> anytime, p2? 18:07:35 <stevenknight> p2 to get it out of the way 18:07:44 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done {;-} 18:08:01 <stevenknight> done 18:08:13 <stevenknight> 960:  3.x p[34]? 18:08:19 <stevenknight> do we want a separate doc issue, too? 18:08:30 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I like your comment; p4 it is. 18:08:39 <stevenknight> okay 18:09:01 <stevenknight> done 18:09:15 <stevenknight> 961:  okay with 2.x p3? 18:09:25 <stevenknight> 3.x feels too far out for some useful functionality 18:09:51 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Yeah, you make a good point in your comment.  How about 2.x p4? 18:09:58 <stevenknight> done 18:10:24 <stevenknight> 977:  research?  who? 18:10:40 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     977, the wiki page is out, but few review comments...  (hint, hint) 18:11:04 <stevenknight> fair point 18:11:14 <stevenknight> give 977 to me, then 18:11:32 <stevenknight> so i'll have a reminder to comment if i haven't done so by the time I try to clear my research pile 18:11:47 <stevenknight> 977:  research, sk 18:11:48 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK; this one is an old issue, mind, so it may be moot by now 18:11:53 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 18:11:55 <stevenknight> right 18:11:59 <stevenknight> 982:  already closed 18:12:24 <stevenknight> 988:  consensus invalid 18:12:31 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 18:12:46 <stevenknight> 993:  1.3 p2 sk, +vs_revamp 18:12:56 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 18:13:13 <stevenknight> 1003:  consensus invalid 18:13:13 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1003, invalid 18:13:18 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 18:13:33 <stevenknight> 1012:  consensus 3.x p3 18:14:02 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1012, yes, with your ammendment 18:14:21 <stevenknight> 1017:  consensus invalid 18:14:22 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     1017, invalid 18:14:42 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 18:14:46 <stevenknight> 1019:  2.x p3 sk? 18:15:07 *      [GregNoel](GregNoel) is still reading the comment 18:15:45 <stevenknight> np 18:16:02 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, your funeral; done 18:16:16 <stevenknight> :-) 18:16:43 <stevenknight> 1033:  3.x, p[your call], +TaskmasterNG 18:16:53 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 18:17:26 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     (I think I'll make it p2 to keep it above the herd) 18:17:41 <stevenknight> sounds good 18:17:48 <stevenknight> and we're just coming to the exit for my stop 18:17:53 <stevenknight> excellent work tonight 18:18:03 <stevenknight> many thanks, especially given how you're feeling 18:18:20 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     good timing; and I'm starting to sweat, so maybe the fever is breaking. 18:18:28 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Good time to quit 18:18:31 <stevenknight> yep 18:18:39 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     OK, cul, and thanks. 18:18:45 <stevenknight> and you 18:18:46 <stevenknight> later 18:18:50 *      stevenknight has quit ("Leaving") 21:12:03 *      [GregNoel](GregNoel) has been marked as being away 
