
16:43:36 *      jason_at_intel (~[chatzilla@220.sub-75-207-216.myvzw.com](mailto:chatzilla@220.sub-75-207-216.myvzw.com)) has joined #SCONS 16:54:35 *      garyo (~[garyo@209-6-36-50.c3-0.smr-ubr1.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com](mailto:garyo@209-6-36-50.c3-0.smr-ubr1.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com)) has joined #SCONS 17:02:56 *      sgk (~sgk@nat/google/x-zskmujhtignuxavr) has joined #SCONS 17:03:07 <sgk>  hello, who's here? 17:03:11 <garyo>        Hi Steven 17:03:13 <jason_at_intel>       Hi Steve! 17:03:55 <sgk>  hi guys 17:04:03 *      sgk struggles with getting his windows arranged properly 17:04:42 *      garyo is on a tiny screen laptop, everything's maximized all the time 17:04:20 <sgk>  whew!  okay 17:04:42 <sgk>  [GregNoel](GregNoel) here? 17:05:03 <garyo>        Haven't heard from him yet 17:05:27 <sgk>  no bdbaddog either 17:09:22 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'm here, but I can't stay long... 17:09:32 <garyo>        Hi Greg -- let's get going then. 17:09:52 <sgk>  let's get going then, fortunately not too many bugs tonight 17:09:52 <garyo>        Let's start w/ 2674 I think 17:10:26 <sgk>  2674:  defer to next time to see if the OP comes up with anything? 17:10:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     yes, 2674...  seems like consensus to defer 17:10:34 <garyo>        agreed. 17:10:44 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:10:53 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2675 17:11:01 <garyo>        2675 is either bill or me I think 17:11:15 <garyo>        I think Bill was talking to this guy on the list 17:11:28 <sgk>  yeah, i'd say bdbaddog unless you're really itching to tackle it 17:11:39 <garyo>        not at the moment :-/ 17:11:45 <sgk>  fair enough :-) 17:11:51 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     priority and milestone? 17:11:55 <sgk>  research bdbaddog? 17:12:17 <garyo>        or just 2.1 p3, I think msvc issues are important 17:11:57 <jason_at_intel>       I don't think that it should be done 17:12:24 <garyo>        jason, huh? 17:12:34 <sgk>  jason_at_intel:  why not? 17:12:34 <garyo>        (oh, the fallback) 17:12:42 <jason_at_intel>       Ya fallback 17:12:42 <sgk>  garyo:  why not? 17:12:53 <jason_at_intel>       if you say 64-bit build that .. not 32-bit 17:13:19 <jason_at_intel>       fallback is dangerous 17:13:31 <jason_at_intel>       people will get stuff they don't expect 17:13:34 <sgk>  is this config explicitly saying 64-bit?  I thought the situation was that it was using a default 17:13:33 <garyo>        I think it should be done. He's not specifying anything; scons should make a working exe with whatever compiler you have. 17:13:41 <sgk>  what garyo said 17:13:50 <sgk>  agree that if you explicitly configure 64-bit it should fail 17:13:55 <garyo>        yes 17:14:05 <jason_at_intel>       sure.. that is not so bad.. still has risk. 17:14:27 <jason_at_intel>       but i will not push it :-) 17:14:32 <sgk>  sure, but people who care about that risk have an easy way to do so:  configure the TARGET_ARCH 17:14:26 <garyo>        so bdbaddog 2.1 p3? 17:14:36 <sgk>  bdbaddog 2.1 p3 17:14:50 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:15:04 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2676 17:15:26 <garyo>        I submitted that just to record it.  3.x is fine w/ me. 17:15:30 <jason_at_intel>       is this about the CPPDEFINES setup option? 17:15:35 <sgk>  3.x sounds good 17:15:45 <jason_at_intel>       agreed 17:15:59 <garyo>        Basically yes, Jason -- CPPDEFINES is fixed, but there are other theoretical cases. 17:16:58 <jason_at_intel>       right.. just checking my understanding 17:16:06 <garyo>        ok 17:16:25 <sgk>  3.x p4, don't need to fill in a name now? 17:16:41 <garyo>        sgk: agree w/ 3.x p4 no name. 17:16:56 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     garyo, what other than CPPDEFINES?  Remember, CPPDEFINES must also generate -DFOO=bar, so it's not necessarily typical. 17:17:35 <garyo>        Greg: no actual cases I can think of now.  More a question of hardcoding CPPDEFINES in a few places where we should probably be more general. 17:17:55 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Ah, in that case I'm fine with 3.x p4 17:18:09 <jason_at_intel>       I was thinking CPPFLAGS or LINK flags often have var=val 17:18:41 <garyo>        But I don't think we handle dicts in either case there. 17:18:56 <jason_at_intel>       true 17:18:41 <jason_at_intel>       plus you could use it to help deal with linking static vs dynamic on unix 17:19:08 <garyo>        yes, Bstatic/dynamic could be useful.  But changing it when we get there will not be hard. 17:18:39 <sgk>  let's do 3.x p4, we can move it to research when we re-prioritize those 17:16:26 <garyo>        2677 research sk? 17:19:56 <sgk>  any dissent from research p2 sk? 17:20:04 <garyo>        nope 17:20:07 <jason_at_intel>       not here 17:20:13 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     none, although I think allowing variant dirs to be under src dirs to be dangerous 17:21:02 <garyo>        That would be a bit ... unusual. 17:21:39 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Note that there's one anomoloy (sp) in the treatment already; we don't need to make it worse. 17:21:44 <sgk>  [GregNoel](GregNoel):  i conceptually agree, i think it's more likely this ends up being a doc fix once I clear my head around it again 17:21:20 <jason_at_intel>       I was under the view this was about having these values not under the SConstruct directory 17:21:40 <garyo>        Jason: I think that's what it is about.  Build dir entirely elsewhere. 17:22:29 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Build dir outside top dir works fine; I use it all the time. 17:22:55 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     but you must specify the directory; it's not built by default. 17:22:24 <jason_at_intel>       it can be done... it just that relative paths don't work as expected here 17:22:29 <jason_at_intel>       abs paths do 17:23:13 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     If that's his problem, the bug is INVALID 17:23:14 <sgk>  (almost shuttle time) 17:23:28 <sgk>  [GregNoel](GregNoel):  good point 17:23:42 <jason_at_intel>       clarification needed? 17:24:01 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     needs more info, so ask OP and defer? 17:24:16 <jason_at_intel>       +1 17:24:22 <sgk>  okay by me 17:24:32 <sgk>  biab 17:24:34 *      sgk has quit (Quit: sgk) 17:24:55 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2278 17:25:15 *      [GregNoel](GregNoel) is just looking at this for the first time; give me a minute to research 17:25:16 <garyo>        Defer a week to see if OP replies. 17:26:37 *      sgk (~sgk@nat/google/x-vcwojyshrkoeayvj) has joined #SCONS 17:26:48 <garyo>        Looks like some path needs to be canonicalized to remove ".." to me 17:26:56 <garyo>        Hi Steven, just on 2278 17:27:01 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     garyo, agree defer 17:27:51 <jason_at_intel>       +1 defer and see if OP replies 17:28:21 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:28:37 <garyo>        OK, skip 2249 since it's bdbaddog's and he's not here? 17:28:38 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2249, no comments, so looks like defer again? 17:29:00 <garyo>        yes 17:29:14 <garyo>        2485 I think I understand now. 17:29:43 *      sgk_ (~[sgk@67.218.104.161](mailto:sgk@67.218.104.161)) has joined #SCONS 17:29:53 <garyo>        Configure() is updating the library node's signature, which makes it seem up to date. 17:29:54 *      sgk has quit (Disconnected by services) 17:29:57 *      sgk_ is now known as sgk 17:30:21 <sgk>  okay, i think i'm back 17:30:21 <garyo>        I suspect 2485 will be hard to fix. 17:30:26 <garyo>        Hi again 17:30:40 <jason_at_intel>       do you know what is going on? 17:30:48 <garyo>        Steven, I'd appreciate it if you'd take a look at 2485 some time. 17:30:48 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Hmmm...  Side effect from BSR? 17:30:54 <garyo>        What's BSR? 17:31:03 <garyo>        (wait, I know) 17:31:19 <garyo>        No, I think it's just a long-standing SConf bug. 17:31:31 <garyo>        [CheckLibrary](CheckLibrary)() actually builds a test program and links it to that lib... 17:31:46 <garyo>        which means the lib gets a Node and it gets updated when the test prog is built. 17:32:06 <garyo>        Then the main world gets the wrong (updated) sig from the lib 17:32:05 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     ah 17:31:33 <sgk>  garyo:  put my name on it so it stays on the radar screen 17:32:42 <garyo>        OK, I'll add your name.  Anyway I think it's out of research mode now, we should assign it a milestone/pri. 17:32:52 <garyo>        I'm thinking 2.x p3 17:33:13 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     worksforme 17:33:25 <jason_at_intel>       +1 17:33:36 <sgk>  yeah, throw it my way, 2.x p3 sounds good 17:33:41 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     done 17:33:52 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     2521 17:34:18 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     no comments; defer again? 17:34:19 <garyo>        skip again til bdbaddog is here 17:34:41 <garyo>        2575 17:35:06 <jason_at_intel>       I showed Steven the code i had 17:35:20 <jason_at_intel>       I think i have an AR to write up something 17:35:27 <jason_at_intel>       for discussion 17:35:44 <garyo>        Sounds good -- we did decide on an API, right? 17:36:25 <garyo>        Seemed clever to me at the time I remember. 17:36:27 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     tuple(archive-name,real-name) as I recall. 17:36:41 <garyo>        yes 17:37:13 <jason_at_intel>       I was not sure we agreed on that 17:37:14 <jason_at_intel>       but that was the idea greg pushed 17:37:37 <garyo>        After he showed me how it solved all my cases I was convinced. 17:37:48 <garyo>        ... but that's just me. 17:37:47 <jason_at_intel>       not sure how that would work with the current builders sources 17:38:03 <garyo>        It can't be a regular builder. 17:38:28 <garyo>        (e.g. arg2nodes wouldn't work on those tuples) 17:38:32 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I see that as a distinction without a difference ...but that's just me {;-} 17:38:48 <garyo>        Steven: what do you think? 17:39:11 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     garyo, actually, I think it does...  arg2nodes just ignores them 17:39:28 <garyo>        hmm, cool 17:39:03 <jason_at_intel>       Well i guess we want the zip like builder to be callable more than once 17:39:29 <sgk>  i'm honestly not sure, tuples sound attractive from a flexibility standpoint 17:39:41 <sgk>  but i haven't looked at this in any detail 17:40:04 <jason_at_intel>       I ok with the idea 17:40:17 <jason_at_intel>       I would then want to apply it to the copy builders 17:40:41 <jason_at_intel>        ie copy(Dir,[(as this,from this)] 17:40:29 <garyo>        Good idea 17:40:48 <garyo>        yup 17:41:02 <sgk>  is the simple case still simple when using tuples? 17:41:15 <sgk>  i.e. it doesn't require something like specifying all of the files individually 17:41:19 <garyo>        Tuples are optional.  Regular node list still works. 17:41:30 <garyo>        And dirs work either as nodes or in tuples. 17:41:49 <garyo>        i.e. Zip(zipfile, [(todir, fromdir)] 17:41:45 <jason_at_intel>       do we have a prototype builder doing this? 17:41:59 <jason_at_intel>       I though Greg said he had sometime 17:42:12 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'm being called away; have to leave in a couple of minutes 17:42:13 <jason_at_intel>       I would like to see it myself, to use it as a template 17:42:23 <garyo>        Greg said he had something working? 17:42:25 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     Yes, I have code 17:42:36 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     How should I make it available? 17:42:39 <jason_at_intel>       can you share :-) 17:43:20 <jason_at_intel>       This might be a nice way to solve my pattern issue in Parts ( or add tree structure ability in Glob) 17:43:20 <garyo>        just email it? 17:43:31 <garyo>        or wiki page? 17:43:34 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     works; got to go 17:43:40 <garyo>        ok, c u later 17:43:45 <jason_at_intel>       latter greg! 17:43:49 <[GregNoel](GregNoel)>     I'll leave my session open and read the rest later.  Bye, all. 17:43:58 <garyo>        ok, I think we're mostly done though 17:44:09 <sgk>  later 17:44:28 <jason_at_intel>       cool.. so defer 2575 till Gregs sample can be reviewed? 17:44:41 <sgk>  yeah, we really don't have any more in the spreadsheet 17:44:53 <garyo>        Jason: I agree w/ that. 17:45:07 <garyo>        Then we'll turn it into a regular ticket to implement it. 17:45:24 <sgk>  yeah, that sounds good 17:45:24 <sgk>  any other issues to discuss? 17:45:28 <jason_at_intel>       I will apply to some stuff in Parts as well, once i get the feel for it 17:45:37 <garyo>        I'm going to sign off if there's nothing else. 17:45:51 <garyo>        bye 4 now 17:45:54 <jason_at_intel>       not at the moment 17:45:55 *      garyo (~[garyo@209-6-36-50.c3-0.smr-ubr1.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com](mailto:garyo@209-6-36-50.c3-0.smr-ubr1.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com)) has left #SCONS 17:47:39 <jason_at_intel>       till next time 17:47:43 <sgk>  later 17:47:46 *      sgk (~[sgk@67.218.104.161](mailto:sgk@67.218.104.161)) has left #SCONS 17:47:46 <jason_at_intel>       cool 17:48:05 *      jason_at_intel has quit (Quit: [ChatZilla](ChatZilla) 0.9.86 [Firefox 3.6.6/20100625231939]) 
