#format irc
18:53:15 *	GregNoel is no longer marked as being away
18:58:55 *	stevenknight (n=stevenkn@69.36.227.131) has joined #scons
19:00:04 <GregNoel>	Hi, Steven.  Gary has said he would likely be late; anybody else here for the bug party?
19:00:21 <stevenknight>	i don't see Bill, and he's the other stalwart
19:00:57 <GregNoel>	And only you and I commented in the spreadsheet, and you didn't finish.
19:00:59 <stevenknight>	i'm just getting into the Current Issues spreadsheet -- I'm taking th late shuttle home tonight
19:01:08 <stevenknight>	right, just catching up
19:01:17 <stevenknight>	the existing comments were mine from last week
19:02:03 *	garyo-home (n=chatzill@209-6-158-38.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com) has joined #scons
19:02:13 <GregNoel>	Gary's not that late, after all
19:02:24 <garyo-home>	Hi Greg.
19:02:44 <garyo-home>	Hi, Steven.
19:02:55 <GregNoel>	Hey, Gary.  You said you would be late.
19:03:23 <garyo-home>	Snuck out just in time, or mostly.
19:03:43 <GregNoel>	I think Steven is in a different window, updating the current issues spreadsheet; he should be back soon.
19:03:36 <stevenknight>	hey gary
19:03:39 <garyo-home>	Hi
19:03:43 <stevenknight>	how'd your release go last week?
19:03:56 <stevenknight>	GregNoel's ESP ++
19:04:12 <garyo-home>	Release went great.  I haven't got a lot of time for scons these days due to things at work.
19:04:31 <garyo-home>	We're growing the company, got new investors, new CEO... lots of new & exciting stuff
19:04:39 <garyo-home>	but it takes up all my time & then some.
19:04:43 <GregNoel>	The disadvantage of working for a living...
19:04:55 <garyo-home>	...says the retired Unix guru.
19:05:03 <GregNoel>	{;-}
19:05:03 <stevenknight>	:-)
19:05:27 <garyo-home>	So anyway, that's all in apology for the fact that I haven't touched the spreadsheets.
19:05:20 <stevenknight>	well, shall we make as good use of the time as we can, then?
19:05:39 <garyo-home>	Yes, let's dive in.  Current issues first?
19:05:42 <stevenknight>	i might disconnect briefly in ~10 minutes, i have to transfer shuttles
19:05:45 <stevenknight>	yes current issues
19:05:47 <GregNoel>	2124
19:06:12 <stevenknight>	1.x p3 me
19:06:20 <garyo-home>	ok w/ me.
19:06:23 <GregNoel>	I admit a traceback is unfriendly, and something should be done about that, but the problem is that ...
19:06:34 <stevenknight>	parts of the VS revamp will try to clean up some general windows issues
19:06:40 <GregNoel>	he's really using a different name for the file.
19:07:08 <GregNoel>	With that said, 1.x p3 makes as much sense as anything.
19:07:23 <stevenknight>	okay, let's go with it
19:07:27 <GregNoel>	done
19:07:29 *	bdbaddog (n=bdeegan@adsl-71-131-30-2.dsl.sntc01.pacbell.net) has joined #scons
19:07:36 <GregNoel>	Hey, Bill.
19:07:39 <garyo-home>	2121 has come up a few times on the list, right?
19:07:41 <garyo-home>	Hi Bill.
19:07:51 <stevenknight>	Bill!
19:08:29 <GregNoel>	Yes, and I think there may be dups, but I couldn't find them.
19:08:41 <stevenknight>	what is there about the confusing VariantDir feature that *hasn't* come up a few times on the list?
19:08:46 <garyo-home>	The patch seems reasonable on the face of it.
19:09:05 <GregNoel>	(patch?)
19:09:19 <garyo-home>	212 has a patch and a test.
19:09:23 <garyo-home>	sorry 2121.
19:10:07 <GregNoel>	Ah, it looks like that came along after I commented.
19:10:09 <garyo-home>	Anyway, I agree w/ you guys on 1.x p2.
19:10:38 <GregNoel>	Yes, 1.x p2 is even stronger with a patch to work from.
19:10:50 <stevenknight>	yeah, 1.x p2 -- the patch looks good (haven't looked at the test case) and should be rewarded
19:10:59 <garyo-home>	ok, good.
19:11:01 <GregNoel>	done
19:11:54 <garyo-home>	2122 is a way not to have to use src_builder iiuc?
19:12:04 <stevenknight>	right, essentially
19:12:13 <stevenknight>	let you add new src_builders dynamically
19:12:13 <GregNoel>	I don't know if this is the best API, but I agree that it something should be done.
19:12:45 <stevenknight>	and with some supported API so everyone doesn't have to cut-and-paste all the obj_builder stuff that's initialized in Tool/__init__.py
19:12:43 <GregNoel>	I published the long-promised requirements for better messages earlier today; that has a comment about this issue.
19:13:10 <stevenknight>	sounds good; i'll take a look when we're done
19:13:12 <garyo-home>	func name is maybe not perfect but yes something like this is good.
19:13:50 <stevenknight>	any objections to sticking with 1.x p3?
19:13:50 <GregNoel>	I think better messages and this are indirectly related, so fixing one will have an impact on both
19:14:04 <garyo-home>	But since it's an enhancement, I'd say low pri for 1.x (p3 max) or else later.
19:14:27 <GregNoel>	My suggestion is the same as better messages, and I don't remember what that was assigned.
19:14:53 <garyo-home>	1458?
19:15:08 <garyo-home>	um, nope.
19:15:09 <stevenknight>	greg, what was the thread from earlier today re: better messages?
19:15:12 <stevenknight>	you have me intrigued now
19:15:28 <GregNoel>	wiki BetterMessages
19:15:35 <stevenknight>	okay
19:15:36 <stevenknight>	2123:
19:15:51 <stevenknight>	consensus 1.x p2 ?
19:15:58 <GregNoel>	fine with me
19:16:09 <stevenknight>	who?
19:16:11 <garyo-home>	ok.  I can probably do it.
19:16:42 <garyo-home>	It looks pretty easy.
19:16:42 <stevenknight>	okay, thanks -- just added your name to the spreadsheet
19:16:45 <stevenknight>	2125:
19:17:30 <GregNoel>	2122: http://scons.org/wiki/BetterErrorMessages
19:17:41 <garyo-home>	2125: if Tools inherited from a base class, they wouldn't have to implement exists().
19:18:09 <stevenknight>	have to switch buses, might drop momentarily
19:18:46 <garyo-home>	... and if they were subclasses it'd be easy to see what's a Tool.
19:18:51 <GregNoel>	Tools are not classes; they're modules (i.e., imported)
19:19:34 <garyo-home>	Yeah (though there are other types, but classes aren't among them).  I guess we can't really change that.
19:20:01 <GregNoel>	Not easily; there's also the backward-compatible issue.
19:20:22 <garyo-home>	A module can inherit stuff, but doing that just to avoid writing 'return True' seems overkill.
19:20:52 <garyo-home>	I think this bug is making a mountain out of a molehill; should be 2.x low pri if anything.
19:21:25 <garyo-home>	Greg, what you say in the ssheet is spot on.
19:21:42 <GregNoel>	I agree; it's overkill.  That's why I suggested wontfix.
19:21:52 <garyo-home>	I agree, wontfix.
19:22:13 <GregNoel>	If Steven makes it back without dropping, we can have a consensus.
19:22:38 *	sgk_ (n=stevenkn@69.36.227.135) has joined #scons
19:22:46 <garyo-home>	.. and here he is now.
19:22:50 <sgk_>	I'm back -- thought I was still connected but I guess not
19:22:54 <GregNoel>	We'll probably be changing this interface with the toolchain stuff, but I'd like to leave it until then.
19:23:09 <sgk_>	still on the exists() thing?
19:23:14 <GregNoel>	Yes
19:23:11 <garyo-home>	Greg & I say "wontfix" 2125.
19:23:16 <garyo-home>	yes, exists().
19:23:35 <sgk_>	do new-style classes allow it to be treated like gary was suggested (re: subclassing)?
19:23:45 <sgk_>	old-style classes definitely didn't
19:24:04 <garyo-home>	don't know
19:24:06 <GregNoel>	I don't think so...
19:24:15 <sgk_>	okay, well not terribly important
19:24:41 <GregNoel>	do we have a consensus?
19:24:46 <sgk_>	this was from a colleague lobbying me re: all the cut-and-paste "def exists(): return True" at the bottom of all the written modules
19:24:58 <sgk_>	wontfix is fine with me
19:25:10 <garyo-home>	you can blame it on us.
19:25:22 <GregNoel>	yeah, we're hardcore
19:25:34 <sgk_>	lol
19:25:43 <GregNoel>	2126?
19:25:44 <sgk_>	2126 then:
19:26:11 <sgk_>	no real strong feelings so far -- any reason not to leave it 1.x p4?
19:26:11 <garyo-home>	Having these as functions would be nice, I say 1.x p4
19:26:25 <sgk_>	done
19:26:28 <sgk_>	2127:
19:26:40 <GregNoel>	Moving to Python 2.2 would allow these to be written as simple names,
19:26:51 <GregNoel>	but that would require waiting until 2.x
19:27:04 <sgk_>	ah, that should be at least noted in the issue
19:27:12 <GregNoel>	OK, wilco
19:27:15 <sgk_>	i'll add a comment in the background here
19:28:18 <sgk_>	2127:
19:28:53 <GregNoel>	2127, I'd like to spin this off onto someone who has the background with all the variations.
19:29:23 <garyo-home>	I do, but even with that it's not clear what the right answer is.
19:29:23 <GregNoel>	But who?  I surely don't.
19:29:32 <bdbaddog>	Good evening all.
19:29:52 <garyo-home>	If a user says RPATH=XXX, should we try to provide those semantics by jiggling other linker args?
19:29:57 <GregNoel>	Hey, Bill...
19:30:01 <garyo-home>	Hi, Bill.
19:30:29 <bdbaddog>	Greetings finally back from HI, and then OC. phew.
19:30:41 <GregNoel>	Somehow, autoconf figures it out, since they support rpath, but ...
19:30:44 <sgk_>	sounds like there's enough uncertainty that 2127 should either be a research for someone
19:30:55 <GregNoel>	... the complexity looks intimidating.
19:31:20 <garyo-home>	I'll be happy to research it.  But at some point scons has to say "this compiler doesn't support RPATH (or not well enough)" and punt.
19:31:25 <GregNoel>	Your research or my research?  They're different.
19:31:21 <sgk_>	or a 1.x-p3-and-reprioritize if "research" is too much of a backburner
19:31:40 <GregNoel>	Ah, your research.
19:31:45 <sgk_>	yours (i.e., should be investigated)
19:31:49 <garyo-home>	I have a bunch of Macs with different OSes, so I can at least poke them all.
19:31:49 <sgk_>	heh
19:31:58 <sgk_>	okay, garyo research
19:32:15 <GregNoel>	My research takes priority over 1.0, i.e., research it now.
19:32:24 <sgk_>	i think research should be Greg's interpretation (AIIU, investigate for reprioritization)
19:32:31 <sgk_>	but in practice that doesn't seem how we're handling it
19:32:38 <sgk_>	right
19:32:51 <GregNoel>	but if Gary wants to do it, I'll let him have it.
19:33:04 <GregNoel>	garyo research
19:33:05 <garyo-home>	(Hmm, do I have any research items?  Not sure...) what I want is 1.x research (i.e. research as a priority)
19:33:05 <sgk_>	okay, gary, research
19:33:30 <sgk_>	that's kind of what I've morphed 1.x p3 into, mentally
19:33:34 <garyo-home>	but I'll get something done on it.
19:33:47 <GregNoel>	no, research and 1.x are both milestones; can't change the names of the priorities.
19:33:51 <sgk_>	I figure we're going to have a big reprioritization of 1.x issues at some point
19:33:57 <sgk_>	to break them down into manageable chunks
19:34:04 <sgk_>	cause there's just too much there right now
19:34:12 <GregNoel>	You do have a talent for understatement {;-}
19:34:44 <garyo-home>	oh well, that just means there may be lots of 1.x's
19:34:59 <garyo-home>	(or we slip things til 2.0 of course)
19:35:16 <GregNoel>	Aye, there's the slip, er, rub
19:35:21 <garyo-home>	anyway, 2128 is next...
19:35:29 <sgk_>	maybe.  we need to discuss releasing 1.0 (I think 0.98.5 has baked enough)
19:35:32 <GregNoel>	2128, David
19:35:45 <sgk_>	and when/how to branch so there's a place for relevant dev work
19:35:54 <sgk_>	2128:  david
19:36:04 <garyo-home>	2128 Includes doc patch, I say 1.0 or 1.0.x.
19:36:15 <GregNoel>	True, but not quite yet; one issue later may need to be slipped in.
19:36:23 <garyo-home>	Steven: yes, it's getting to that point.
19:36:48 <garyo-home>	We can branch it any time and just merge things that need to go in.
19:37:00 <GregNoel>	You're looking at 2129; no patch for 2128
19:37:10 <sgk_>	2128:  1.0 for the doc patch
19:37:19 <sgk_>	?  i see an attachment to 2128
19:37:23 <garyo-home>	me too.
19:37:39 <garyo-home>	a trivial two-liner.
19:37:53 <sgk_>	2129 is another david Fortran thing, though
19:38:22 <garyo-home>	2129: wow, a patch which is *just* a test.
19:38:27 <sgk_>	2129:  anyone, anytime (it's an added test)
19:38:29 <GregNoel>	Yeah, but is it the doc or the implementation?
19:38:45 <garyo-home>	2128: doc.  2129: test for implementation.
19:39:02 <sgk_>	no, greg's suggesting that although 2128 might "fix" the doc,
19:39:12 <GregNoel>	OK, 2128 1.0 David, 2129 anytime
19:39:13 <sgk_>	the doc might be right (the *CPP* variables *should* be in the command line)
19:39:16 <sgk_>	and the code needs fixing
19:39:22 <garyo-home>	aha, I see.
19:39:57 <GregNoel>	David either way.
19:40:00 <garyo-home>	We would need David to answer that.
19:40:07 *	stevenknight has quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))
19:40:14 <garyo-home>	there goes Steven.
19:40:18 <sgk_>	right, done 2128: david, 1.0, with a note about the doc-vs.-code
19:40:20 <GregNoel>	Ah, we just lost Steven...
19:40:25 <sgk_>	hey , where'd i go?
19:40:39 <GregNoel>	vanished in to the AEther...
19:40:46 <garyo-home>	hm, my irc client said your connection timed out.
19:40:41 <sgk_>	(that was the connection through the other bus timing out)
19:41:04 <garyo-home>	I see.
19:41:17 <sgk_>	okay, 2129:  anyone, anytime
19:41:28 <sgk_>	2130:
19:41:50 <garyo-home>	2130, doc license issues: can we satisfy them somehow, maybe a CC license of some kind?
19:42:03 <GregNoel>	Have you figured out what he really wants?
19:42:06 <garyo-home>	That would let you still print the UG?
19:42:17 <sgk_>	CC license would be the right thing, i suppose
19:42:30 <sgk_>	this is probably a research, me to figure out how where to draw the line
19:42:38 <GregNoel>	OK, works for me
19:42:44 <sgk_>	yeah, they want to make the UG available on (e.g.) Debian
19:43:01 <sgk_>	but it's copyright me, not the SCons Foundation, and it's unclear if they can legallly do it
19:43:03 <GregNoel>	although getting it into 1.0 would be good
19:43:09 <sgk_>	i'll sort it out
19:43:14 <GregNoel>	OK, works for me
19:43:20 <garyo-home>	ok
19:43:28 <sgk_>	just changed it to research (Greg's research)
19:43:48 <GregNoel>	Ah, really?
19:44:04 <sgk_>	well, i won't promise, but I do conceptually agree with it
19:44:26 <garyo-home>	ok, 2131 (glob needs to sort)?
19:44:28 <GregNoel>	I thought I understood the initial request, but not since.
19:44:31 <sgk_>	in practice, right now i'm prioritizing UG updates over research to get 1.0 out
19:44:59 <sgk_>	2131:  is there any downside to making Glob() return a deterministic order?
19:45:02 <sgk_>	i can't think of one
19:45:18 <GregNoel>	glob.glob doesn't sort; why should Glob?
19:45:21 <garyo-home>	We should definitely sort it.
19:45:31 <sgk_>	principle of least surprise
19:45:34 <garyo-home>	Who would want it in random order?
19:45:45 <bdbaddog>	and you could use --random if you did...
19:45:53 <GregNoel>	"least astonishment"  yes, you're probably right.
19:46:00 <sgk_>	having SCons rebuild things whenever it feels like it because you use Glob() seems really unehlpful
19:46:23 <garyo-home>	right, I think this should be 1.0.x p2.  Easy and helpful.
19:46:33 <bdbaddog>	gotta run. hey can someone look at my comments bug 243. I did some research and seems like a real bug where we thought it was doc bug before.
19:46:53 <GregNoel>	later
19:46:56 <sgk_>	okay, we'll try to look at 243
19:46:57 <sgk_>	later
19:47:03 <garyo-home>	bye
19:47:14 <sgk_>	2131:  1.0.x p2?
19:47:36 <GregNoel>	ok, I guess
19:47:55 <garyo-home>	fine w/ me.
19:48:12 <GregNoel>	2132
19:48:34 <sgk_>	2132:  Ralf's fixes tend to be pretty good
19:48:40 <sgk_>	i haven't lookat the code on this one yet, though
19:48:44 <sgk_>	looked at
19:48:45 <GregNoel>	sgk_, I'm pretty sure it was an earlier issue
19:48:55 <GregNoel>	It uses subprocess
19:49:00 <garyo-home>	Can we use subprocess.Popen()?
19:49:16 <sgk_>	should be able to, the compatibility layer has a subprocess module that works under 1.5.2
19:49:27 <GregNoel>	we hope
19:50:01 <GregNoel>	If we can't find the dup, I move for 1.0.x
19:50:16 <sgk_>	agreed
19:50:22 <sgk_>	1.0.x... p3?
19:50:28 <garyo-home>	That early?  OK I guess since there's a good patch.
19:50:28 <sgk_>	or p2?
19:50:44 <GregNoel>	yes, and if we find the dup, make it the same.
19:50:48 <sgk_>	~5 minutes until i leave the bus
19:51:04 <GregNoel>	and we're not even out of the current issues...
19:51:09 <sgk_>	i'll volunteer to hunt for the dup
19:51:12 <sgk_>	so put my name on it
19:51:16 <GregNoel>	ok, done
19:51:24 <sgk_>	two weeks' worth
19:51:37 <GregNoel>	but only five new ones
19:51:42 <sgk_>	true
19:51:47 <garyo-home>	2133: invalid, or should we try to handle AddPostAction differently (no implicit dep on cmd)?
19:51:53 <sgk_>	2133:  i think this case should work
19:52:01 <sgk_>	it used to, and it doesn't seem unreasonable
19:52:09 <sgk_>	("should be made to work (again)" that is)
19:52:33 <garyo-home>	AddPostAction cmds don't really need to be dependencies anyway, so I agree.
19:52:39 <GregNoel>	sounds like a hack...
19:52:49 <GregNoel>	Hmmm...  I think they do
19:52:53 <garyo-home>	No, because AddPostAction is not a builder.
19:53:01 <sgk_>	agree w/gary
19:53:11 <GregNoel>	think of a local command that JFCLs through the binary
19:53:12 <sgk_>	plus it's easier to add an explicit Depends() if you really want that dependency
19:53:18 <garyo-home>	Builder cmds should get auto deps, but not Pre/Post actions.
19:53:20 <sgk_>	than to shut it off
19:53:26 <GregNoel>	the command should be rebuilt if it changes
19:53:52 <sgk_>	hmm, Greg i do see your point -- SCM purity would require it
19:53:53 <garyo-home>	Greg: hm, I have to think about that.
19:54:11 <GregNoel>	we're not going to settle this now; not enough time; resume here next time?
19:54:14 <sgk_>	since you can't know the AddPostAction() is irrelevant
19:54:22 <sgk_>	works for me
19:54:36 <GregNoel>	OK, then, when next?
19:54:38 <garyo-home>	ok.  Same time, same place, next week?
19:54:45 <sgk_>	same time, etc.
19:54:53 <GregNoel>	19h00?  or 17h00?
19:55:02 <garyo-home>	1900 is good for me, how about you?
19:55:07 <sgk_>	19h00 is fine with me
19:55:13 <GregNoel>	fine with me
19:55:16 <garyo-home>	Greg: I'll do the data entry this week from your irc log
19:55:17 <sgk_>	done
19:55:25 <sgk_>	gary:  thanks
19:55:43 <GregNoel>	ok, although I have the time this week
19:55:50 <sgk_>	i'll probably start a release@ thread re: really releasing 1.0
19:56:02 <garyo-home>	sgk_: I was just going to suggest that.
19:56:14 <GregNoel>	good idea
19:56:28 <garyo-home>	Greg: thanks but I think I can handle it, gotta contribute somehow...
19:56:49 <garyo-home>	plus I'll be on vacation 23rd - 6th
19:56:50 <GregNoel>	Personally, I'd rather you were editing the spreadsheets...
19:57:06 <sgk_>	disconnect in < 15 seconds, later
19:57:08 <garyo-home>	OK, I agree.  I'll make some time for that too.
19:57:19 <GregNoel>	ok, later
19:57:24 *	sgk_ has quit ("Leaving")
19:57:25 <garyo-home>	bye guys.
19:57:29 <GregNoel>	cul
19:57:35 *	garyo-home has quit ("ChatZilla 0.9.83 [Firefox 3.0/2008052906]")
19:57:37 *	GregNoel has been marked as being away
